[Java] Adding java read compression files with LZ4 codec (#289)
apache/arrow-cookbook: java/source/io.rst

   Jhon    29
   Thomy    33

Read - From Compressed File
---------------------------

> We are providing a path with auto generated arrow files for testing purposes, change that at your convenience.

Reviewer: Is it possible to provide a write-compressed-file example too?

Reviewer: Hmm. There's no practical way to write a compressed file.

Compressed file generated through this code example:

.. code:: python

   import pandas as pd
   import pyarrow as pa

   pd.DataFrame({'key': range(4)}).to_feather('lz4.arrow', compression='lz4')

>    pd.DataFrame({'key': range(4)}).to_feather('zstd.arrow', compression='zstd')

Reviewer: This isn't checked in?

.. note::

>    Java Vector module offer read files without compression codec, in case reading
>    compressed files is required consider to also add Java Compression module
>    dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The ``arrow-vector`` module can only read uncompressed files by itself.  Add
   a dependency on ``arrow-compression`` to also be able to read compressed files.
```
